hey there I'm Deborah Kosta here to
deliver the latest trends there's an
upward movement across some offices to
throw out chairs prop up keyboards and
stand all day at work instead of sit
that's right I happen to be one of them
and no it's not because of hemorrhoids
or back problems new studies show that
sitting is killing us no matter how fit
you are or how much exercise you do
uninterruptedly are killing us softly
how you say you might want to stand up
to hear this according to a study by the
American Cancer Society sitting six
hours or more per day increases your
risk of premature death up to forty
percent compared to people who sit less
than three even if you exercise here's
what happens the instant you sit down
electrical activity in your leg muscles
drops calorie burning goes down to one
calorie per minute and enzymes that help
break down fat in your blood go down
ninety percent the risk of developing
diabetes increases and so does the risk
of becoming obese exercise alone is not
enough you gotta stand up but not
necessarily all day according to a study
by Cornell University standing all day
can be bad too the risk of developing
varicose veins increases and so does the
risk of developing carrollton
atherosclerosis a fancy term for clogged
up arteries in the neck that can lead to
strokes yikes so what can we do many
have opted for treadmill desks so they
walk while they work that's a bit much
for me the point is get up and walk
around every 20 minutes or so don't stay
in the same position for too long if you
opt to stand make sure you do it
ergonomically the computer screen should
be eye level and your keyboard should be
high enough so that your arms are at a
90 degree angle same goes for your mouse
also ladies no high heels six of flats
some people even by standing masked
which helps to cushion your feet while
you stand if money is an issue make your
own desk mine is makeshift I took a
couple boxes and voila I now have a desk
that costs me zero dollars who else is
doing it employees at Google Facebook
Mashable some journalists at Men's
Health magazine and some journalists at
the Miami Herald so what are you waiting
for there are two small steps up words
that can be good for your health do you
stand or sit at your desk right away
send us a photo of you and your
workspace to Miami
WorldCom / insight or tweeted at me at
Debra Costa we'll put it up on our
website until next time